Document params-file and improve self-update (#2673)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/cli.rst

    $ nextflow run nextflow-io/hello -with-tower
 

> - Invoke the nextflow pipeline execution with a custom parameters ``YML`` file. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Invoke the nextflow pipeline execution with a custom parameters ``YAML/JSON`` file. 
```

> The parameters which are specified through this mechanism are merged with the resolved configuration (base configuration and profiles) and only the common fields are overwritten by the ``YML`` file.::

Reviewer: The params file can be YAML or JSON. I would say YAML/JSON file instead of `YML` file.

Reviewer: Also @pditommaso we should clarify what happens if you provide params through a config file and a params file via CLI arguments. I think the params file takes priority but I'm not certain.

Author: Yes, this question has come up recently https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/issues/2662

Reviewer 2: Was missing this conversation. The CLI params overrides the ones the json/yaml file.

You can see it here, it reads the params file and put it into the `result` map. then if there are cli `params` copy them over the `result` map. 

https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/blob/0f63f1a7cc7953ed1d014e8d3f821ba2941c6177/modules/nextflow/src/main/groovy/nextflow/cli/CmdRun.groovy#L496-L513

> The parameters which are specified through this mechanism are merged with the resolved configuration (base configuration and profiles) and only the common fields are overwritten by the ``YML`` file.::

Author: ```suggestion
The parameters which are specified through this mechanism are merged with the resolved configuration (base configuration and profiles) and only the common fields are overwritten by the ``YAML/JSON`` file.::
```

**Description**

The ``self-update`` command directs the ``nextflow`` cli to update itself to the latest stable release. 

> This command also updates the `Nextflow launcher script <https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/blob/master/nextflow>`_ in addition to the Java artifacts, whereas the ``NXF_VER`` environment variables only updates the Java artifacts.

Reviewer 2: Don't think this is correct. The `self-update` is the same of `-self-update` and they do *not* update the launcher

Author: Whoops!

@pditommaso , then let me cofirm my understanding here

1. `-self-update` updates only java artifacts
2. `NXF_VER` updates java artifacts and the launcher script

Therefore when `NXF_EDGE=1 nextflow -self-update`  is used, only the java artifacts are updated to the latest edge version.

Is this correct?

Reviewer 2: Actually I was wrong here. `self-update` and `-self-update` update both nextflow runtime and the launcher script. 

`NXF_VER` is meant to enforce the use of a specific nf version. Don't think it should be mentioned in this context.

> The ``self-update`` command also updates the `Nextflow launcher script <https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/blob/master/nextflow>`_ in addition to the Java artifacts, whereas the ``NXF_VER`` environment variables only updates the Java artifacts.

Author: ```suggestion
This command also updates the `Nextflow launcher script <https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/blob/master/nextflow>`_ in addition to the Java artifacts, whereas the ``NXF_VER`` environment variables only updates the Java artifacts.
```
